---
layout: default
title: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
permalink: /faq/
redirect_from:
  - /faq.html
---

 1. [How can I sponsor the event?](#how-can-i-sponsor-the-event)
 1. [How do I indicate disability-related accommodation requests?](#id="how-do-i-indicate-disability-related-accommodation-requests")
 1. [Is there a Twitter account and hashtag to follow?](#id="is-there-a-twitter-account-and-hashtag-to-follow")
 1. [What makes this event different from other traditional conference?](#id="what-makes-this-event-different-from-other-traditional-conference")
 1. [What topics will be covered at the event?](#what-topics-will-be-covered-at-the-event)
 1. [What’s happening for lunch?](#whats-happening-for-lunch)
 1. [When Ottawa Accessibility Camp (A11yYOW) first started?](#when-ottawa-accessibility-camp-a11yyow-first-started)
 1. [Who should attend the event?](#who-should-attend-the-event)
 1. [Will there be WIFI at the event?](#will-there-be-wifi-at-the-event)
 1. [Will there be event T-Shirts?](#will-there-be-event-t-shirts)

## 1. How can I sponsor the event?

If you are interested in supporting the event, drop an e-mail to
a11yottawa(at)gmail.com.

## 2. How do I indicate disability-related accommodation requests?

Please indicate whether you will need disability-related accommodations on the
registration form. As this event is funded through sponsors, accommodations will
be available based on funding received. You will be contacted to confirm
accommodations prior to the event. All disability-related accommodations must be
received ASAP to allow for time to confirm appropriate arrangements.

## 3. Is there a Twitter account and hashtag to follow?

The Twitter handle for Ottawa Accessibility Camp is @a11yyow.
The Twitter hashtag for the unconference event is #a11yyow. We encourage folks
attending in person and remotely to use the hashtag.

## 4. What makes this event different from other traditional conference?

At the 2014 Ottawa Accessibility Camp Unconference (A11yYOW), we are combining
both pre-planned presentations with participant-selected presentations.

The organizers are inviting 4 speakers in advance. On the day, participants will
vote to choose the other 8 presentations. In total, each person at the event
will attend 4 presentations of their choice. Each presentation slot is 45
minutes long.

> An unconference is a facilitated, participant-driven conference centered on a
theme or purpose.

If you have never been to an unconference before you are encouraged to check out
Unconference on Wikipedia to get an overall feel of what to expect during the
day.

## 5. What topics will be covered at the event?

The exact sessions that will take place will only be determined the morning of
the event. Possible ideas include:

 - Techniques for developing accessible mobile applications,
 - Inclusive design,
 - HTML5 accessibility issues,
 - Gaming and accessibility,
 - The role of research, usability and design in accessibility,
 - Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA),
 - Open source accessibility,
 - Accessibility testing techniques,
 - eDocument accessibility,
 - How to break into the IT accessibility field,
 - End-user perspectives on what makes technology accessible, etc.

## 6. What’s happening for lunch?

Lunch will be provided to registered attendees. Please email us at
a11yottawa(at)gmail.com if you require any special dietary considerations.

## 7. When Ottawa Accessibility Camp (A11yYOW) first started?

A11yYOW is joining the ranks of a series of sister events whose focus has been
on technology accessibility and users with disabilities. Since 2009, these have
taken place in: Washington D.C., Boston, Seattle, Guelph, Toronto, Ottawa,
Montreal and Quebec and more. Check all A11y meetup groups.

## 8. Who should attend the event?

If you are just getting started or are advanced in your knowledge on technology
accessibility, then this event is for you. It is an opportunity for members of
the design, development, usability, accessibility, other IT professional and
end-users with disabilities communities to share and interact with each other.
Whether you spend all, some, or none of your time working in IT accessibility,
so long as you have an interest, please consider attending.

## 9. Will there be WIFI at the event?

There should be free WIFI at the event.

## 10. Will there be event T-Shirts?

Yes. Registration includes lunch and a t-shirt. On the registration form you
will be asked for the T-shirt size.
